well okay don't remark woods here D
guitars Miami with another edition of
this week in cool custom guitar mods
this week's particular instrument is a
squire affinity telling that I picked up
some time ago with the intentions of
doing some really cool modifications to
it and never got around to it so I
finally did it yesterday and what was
what's cool about this guitar is that it
started off as a really good playing
basic tele for what it was it has a
really nice snack really good fret work
but it was fairly plain you know black
pickguard and the typical layout didn't
have much attitude or personality so I
thought that I would do a few things to
it to really give it its own signature
if you will
first thing that I did was I basically
routed out all the necessary cavities to
put in pair of really cool chrome mini
humbuckers that have two rows of
adjustable pole pieces each I also then
routed out a cavity to install this
roller bridge recessed into the body and
this vibrato as well which they're
matched set and they look like they're
60s or 70s either Japanese or European
you know jazz master style something you
find on like a Goya or even a hop guitar
they're very very cool you know but
somewhat unusual I also installed a
roller string tree up at the top here
instead of the original string tree that
it had to help with tuning stability
with the stock tuners that it's got the
tuning stability is fantastic I also
modded a tortoise pick guard to fit the
pickup on it and installed that as well
and a new control plate with top quality
components such as a crl three-way tie a
nice switch and a couple of 500k pots
and a couple of amber knobs that pretty
much fit the butterscotch blonde of the
body very well and really dig the way
this guitar looks and the way that it
plays totally this thing is really
really cool it doesn't sound like any
other type of tele that I've heard I'm
gonna demonstrate it with a few
different tones clean tone and then
using my zoom 505 a couple of different
types of distortion some overdrive and
then some you know flanger Bravo
it's very nice and very smooth all the
way across all right let's get cooking
first all right so with a little bit of
overdrive
and now it's uh kicking up enough
as you can see I a I really dig this
guitar it it was a lot of fun to do and
all the mods took about four hours to do
completely from start to finish from
gutting it to all the routes to
everything it's uh it's funny how you
can get an inexpensive guitar that is
very well made you know and when you
have something like that as a starting
point sky's the limit
the action is really nice at just above
a sixteenth of an inch at the twelfth
fret which is my preferred action and
I've got my preferred set of black
diamond 11 gauge strings on it it's a
very nifty guitar and I'd like to thank
my friend Alvaro for actually swapping
this to me for a strap project that I
put together for him so ok until next
time if you have a guitar that needs
modifications such as this like new
pickups or tremolo installation broken
headstock fixed fret work finish
touch-ups whatever don't hesitate to
give me a call at 3:05 eight nine six
one eight one one if you'd like me to
build you a really cool project from
start to finish
even something from scratch again don't
hesitate to give me a call
until next time door markets from D
guitars Miami thanks for watching and
have a great day